Introduction:
Most people have experienced blowing over the mouth of a bottle to produce a distinct musical tone. This tone is more or less constant in pitch and seems to vary between bottles and the level of liquid in the bottle. This experiment aims to discover the mechanism for this phenomenon and attempts to discover the underlying model. 
We first want to consider whether or not the bottle can be efficiently modeled as an open-closed pipe. In this model, we assume that a standing wave forms inside the bottle with a frequency of v/4L. In this model, only the overall height of the bottle is considered. We then consider the more intuitive case: That the frequency is dependent on the volume of the bottle. We believe that, as the height of the water is increased, the frequency should also increase. Once the bottle has 50% of it's volume displaced by water, the frequency should double. Changes between bottles of identical volumes should not result in a change in frequency

Procedure:
For our experiment, we utilized 8 different glass bottles: a 16oz Amber fliptop, a 22oz Green fliptop, 3 differently shaped 750ml bottles, a .5 gallon growler, a 1 gallon carboy, and a 3 gallon carboy. We begin by taking the following measurements: The height of the bottle, the height from the mouth to the bottom of the neck, the height of the body (bottom up to where the shoulder begins), the diameter of the mouth, and the diameter of the body. From these measurements we can calculate the following measurements: Height of the shoulder, volume of the neck, volume of the body, volume of the shoulder. We use a simplified model for the bottle to estimate the volumes. This model breaks the bottle down into 3 parts: Neck: a simple cylinder with volume 4pir^2h. Body: A simple cylinder with volume 4pir^2h. Shoulder: a cone section with lower radiusb and upper radiusn and height n. The volume can be found by integrating the volume of the cone from 0 to h:
With these measurements, we now plan to collect 7 data points: The frequency of the pitch when the bottle is empty, and then the frequency by displacing 50% of the body, 50% of the body+shoulder, 50% body+shoulder+neck, 75% etc. The reason we collect the 50% full for different volumes is because we are unsure which volume the pitch depends on.
From this data, we can then graph our results and perform a feature analysis to determine which parameters are most necessary to the frequency.

We found that pitch doubled when volume was quartered. suggesting that root(volume) is in the denominator.
